This is the student project for Bogazici University CMPE 160 Course
- The game contains a Main class and 5 additional classes (Arrow, Ball, Bar, Environment, and Player).
- Environment class includes the methods that is used for creating the canvas, game animations and end game animations which are called in Main to start the game. The class also includes methods to draw background and bar background. Environment class calls the methods of Arrow, Ball, Bar, and Player classes for game animations. In addition, the class contains the constants that are also used by other classes.
- Ball class is used to create the balls in the game. The class includes methods to calculate Ball movements, to draw the balls, create initial game balls, and to split the balls. This class also contains the methods that checks and calculates the results of ball-wall, ball-arrow, and ball-player interactions.
- Arrow class is used to create the balls in the game. The class includes methods to calculate arrow movements, draw the arrow and limit the maximum number of arrows in the game to 1.
- Player class is used to create the player in the game. The class includes methods to calculate player movements, draw the player and fire the arrow. There are two versions of the method that draws the arrow. The second version is used to draw the frozen arrow at the end screen.
- Bar class is used to create the game bar. The class includes methods to calculate time/remaining time and draw the game bar with a changing color over time. There are two versions of the method that draws the bar. The second version is used to draw the frozen bar at the end screen.
